[loki-distributed] Added support for IPv6 only clusters (#1891)
grafana/helm-charts: charts/loki-distributed/README.md

| gateway.nginxConfig.httpSnippet | string | `""` | Allows appending custom configuration to the http block |
| gateway.nginxConfig.logFormat | string | See values.yaml | NGINX log format |
| gateway.nginxConfig.resolver | string | `""` | Allows overriding the DNS resolver address nginx will use. |

> | gateway.nginxConfig.serverListens | string | `"listen             8080;"` | Configure the server listener(s), this needs to be customised for IPv6 only clusters |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| gateway.nginxConfig.IP6serverListens | string | `"listen             8080;"` | Configure the server listener(s), this needs to be customised for IPv6 only clusters |
| gateway.nginxConfig.IP6Enabled | bool | `false` | Enable IPv6 only clusters configure |
```
